Chaos% To-do:

Debug log
Update checker
Bit data type support for memory addresses.
Converter for MemoryAddresses.xml to MHS file and back (also CE?) -> support for giving and converting to different game versions.
proper documentation of the xml files.
Validate that addresses used in TimedEffects.xml etc actually exist in MemoryAddresses.xml on startup. Same with limitations.
Validate that all limitations that expect parameters get those parameters when used in TimedEffects.xml. Also validate that limitations don't get parameters when not expected.
Add support for limitation based on if permanent effect is active.
Validate that the datatype of the value element provided in TimedEffects.xml etc matches the datatype of the memory address.
Support for associative arrays type things in xml files so that for example, for the limitation InVehicleType, the name parameter can be given as "Car" which is then translated into the actual value as it is used and read from the game, "0".
Validate that there are no duplicate names for memory addresses, limitations etc.
Prevent an endless loop of limitation checks. Also memory addresses.
Add support for setting base limitations. These are always checked for all timed effects. For things like checking if the user is in the menu etc. Probably need a few types of base limitations, like one in which there should not be any effects at all, one in which effects should be temporarily disabled but resumed with no longer the case.
Weight for effects is currently not implemented. It probably shouldn't be, but there needs to be a solution to achieve what weight did.
Support for activators that do nothing on deactivation or do something conditionally.
Support for OR limitations
Support for < and > in parameter check, in addition to ==.
Support for using expressions as parameters/values to set, such as getting a random interior ID for the Interior effect.
Support for extra difficulty for specific effects in sanic mode.

Fix steam offsets around 0x0046F391

Fix JP offsets around 0x00826200 (in mission script variables)

Once the program is finished further, clean up access modifiers.
Add a checksum to make it easier to confirm everyone is using the same .xml files in a race?
